Adds Documentation for dynamic query parameters for kNN search request (#7761)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/approximate-knn.md

...
```

After data is ingested, it can be searched just like any other `knn_vector` field.

> ### Additional query parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional query parameters

```

...
```

After data is ingested, it can be searched just like any other `knn_vector` field.

> ### Additional query parameters

Author: Method parameters are used in index request as well so wanted to specify "query" in the heading to avoid confusion

Starting with version 2.16, k-NN plugin supports additional method parameters to tune search results. This can be done by providing the right values in `method_parameters` section of the query. Here is an example of the query

```json
GET my-knn-index-1/_search
{
  "size": 2,
  "query": {
    "knn": {
      "my_vector2": {
        "vector": [2, 3, 5, 6],
        "k": 2,
        "method_parameters" : {
          "ef_search": 100
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
These parameters are dependent on the combination of engine and method used to build the index. The tables will help with the valid set of parameters. Invalid combination of parameters will throw an error

#### HNSW

`ef_search`

Explores the `ef_search` number of vectors to find top k nearest neighbors. Higher value will help improve recall at the cost of search latency. The value must be greater than 0

Supported engines | Radial query support | Notes
:--- | :--- | :---
Nmslib | no | Overrides the value in index settings if present in search query
Faiss | yes | Overrides the value in index settings if present in search query

> Lucene | no | Engine supports `k` or `ef_search`. The final result can be controlled by `size`. k-NN plugin will pick `max(k, ef_search)`

Reviewer: Could you explain this more? Is this saying that users can either specify `k` or `ef_search` but not both? How is `size` affecting the final number of results? Please clarify the last sentence.

Author: Not really, Users have to specify `k`. There are validations which will fails otherwise. On engine level, we cannot pass k and ef_search both. If ef_search is present in method parameters it picks the max of both. 

Now as a side effect there will be more results per shard if ef_search value is higher than k. So user will have to use `size` to get the final results. Thinking more about it we can remove the size sentence, since even right now the final results are controlled by `size` if k > size

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation! I think it's helpful to provide the last sentence. Made a suggestion to include this info.

> #### IVF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `nprobes`
```

> `nprobes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Explores `nprobes` number of clusters to find the top k nearest neighbors. Higher value will help improve recall at the cost of search latency. The value must be greater than 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide the `nprobes` parameter when searching an index created using the `ivf` method. The `nprobes` parameter specifies to explore the `nprobes` number of clusters to find the top k nearest neighbors. Higher value of `nprobes` improves recall at the cost of increased search latency. The value must be positive.
```

> Supported engines | Notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table provides information about the `nprobes` parameter for the supported engines.

Engine | Notes
```

:--- | :--- 

> faiss | Overrides the value in index settings if present in search query

Reviewer: Please specify the index setting that nprobes overrides in this case.
```suggestion
`faiss` | If `nprobes` is present in a query, it overrides the <which setting> index setting.
```

Author: It overrides nprobes value provided [during index request](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/knn/knn-index/#ivf-parameters)

Reviewer: Thanks! Updated the suggestion.

...
```

After data is ingested, it can be searched just like any other `knn_vector` field.

### Additional query parameters

Starting with version 2.16, you can provide `method_parameters` in a search request:

```json
GET my-knn-index-1/_search
{
  "size": 2,
  "query": {
    "knn": {
      "my_vector2": {
        "vector": [2, 3, 5, 6],
        "k": 2,
        "method_parameters" : {
          "ef_search": 100
        }
      }
    }
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

````

These parameters are dependent on the combination of engine and method used to create the index. The following sections provide information about the supported `method_parameters`.

#### HNSW

You can provide the `ef_search` parameter when searching an index created using the `hnsw` method. The `ef_search` parameter specifies to explore the `ef_search` number of vectors to find the top k nearest neighbors. Higher value of `ef_search` improves recall at the cost of increased search latency. The value must be positive.

The following table provides information about the `ef_search` parameter for the supported engines.

Engine | Radial query support | Notes
:--- | :--- | :---
`nmslib` | No | If `ef_search` is present in a query, it overrides the `index.knn.algo_param.ef_search` index setting.
`faiss` | Yes | If `ef_search` is present in a query, it overrides the `index.knn.algo_param.ef_search` index setting.

> Lucene | no | Engine supports `k` or `ef_search`. The final result can be controlled by `size`. k-NN plugin will pick `max(k, ef_search)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lucene` | No | When creating a search query, you must specify `k`. If you provide both `k` and `ef_search`, then the larger value is passed to the engine. If `ef_search` is larger than `k`, you can provide the `size` parameter to limit the final number of results to `k`. 
```

...
```

> After data is ingested, it can be searched just like any other `knn_vector` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After data is ingested, it can be searched in the same way as any other `knn_vector` field.
```

### Additional query parameters

Starting with version 2.16, you can provide `method_parameters` in a search request:

```json
GET my-knn-index-1/_search
{
  "size": 2,
  "query": {
    "knn": {
      "my_vector2": {
        "vector": [2, 3, 5, 6],
        "k": 2,
        "method_parameters" : {
          "ef_search": 100
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

These parameters are dependent on the combination of engine and method used to create the index. The following sections provide information about the supported `method_parameters`.

#### `ef_search`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can provide the `ef_search` parameter when searching an index created using the `hnsw` method. The `ef_search` parameter specifies to explore the `ef_search` number of vectors to find the top k nearest neighbors. Higher value of `ef_search` improves recall at the cost of increased search latency. The value must be positive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can provide the `ef_search` parameter when searching an index created using the `hnsw` method. The `ef_search` parameter specifies to identify the number of `ef_search` vectors in order to find the top k nearest neighbors. Higher `ef_search` values improve recall at the cost of increased search latency. The value must be positive.
```

The following table provides information about the `ef_search` parameter for the supported engines.

Engine | Radial query support | Notes
:--- | :--- | :---
`nmslib` | No | If `ef_search` is present in a query, it overrides the `index.knn.algo_param.ef_search` index setting.
`faiss` | Yes | If `ef_search` is present in a query, it overrides the `index.knn.algo_param.ef_search` index setting.
`lucene` | No | When creating a search query, you must specify `k`. If you provide both `k` and `ef_search`, then the larger value is passed to the engine. If `ef_search` is larger than `k`, you can provide the `size` parameter to limit the final number of results to `k`. 

#### `nprobes`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can provide the `nprobes` parameter when searching an index created using the `ivf` method. The `nprobes` parameter specifies to explore the `nprobes` number of clusters to find the top k nearest neighbors. Higher value of `nprobes` improves recall at the cost of increased search latency. The value must be positive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can provide the `nprobes` parameter when searching an index created using the `ivf` method. The `nprobes` parameter specifies to identify the number of `nprobes` clusters in order to find the top k nearest neighbors. Higher `nprobes` values improve recall at the cost of increased search latency. The value must be positive.
```

> After data is ingested, it can be search just like any other `knn_vector` field!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After data is ingested, it can be searched just like any other `knn_vector` field.
```
